feat: add missing jig convert information (#417)
OpenVoxProject/openvox-docs: docs/_ecosystem_8x/devkit/migrating.md

Most are shipped as gems that you'll add to a module's `Gemfile`.
This means that you'll maintain your own Ruby and Bundler installs, but most other tooling will be accessed via `bundle exec` commands in individual module repositories.

> For simplicity, a convert command was added to Jig starting with version 1.5.0. This allows you to automatically update your module's `Gemfile`, `Rakefile`, and `spec/spec_helper.rb` to OpenVox- and VoxBox-compatible versions.

Reviewer: Small wording suggestion to match the style guide:  active voice and second person
per the [tone guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md), `jig convert` in monospace so it matches
the table row it explains, and one sentence per line like the surrounding paragraphs.

```suggestion
Jig 1.5.0 and later includes a `jig convert` command that migrates a PDK-based module for you.
It rewrites the module's `Gemfile`, `Rakefile`, and `spec/spec_helper.rb` to OpenVox- and VoxBox-compatible versions.
```

Author: applied your wording. Thank you. Please recheck.

{% include alert.html type="tip" title="Choosing command forms" content="If you want quick and familiar commands to run locally, then use the Jig wrapper commands. If you're running tests and such in CI or if you need to pass custom options then invoke the tools directly." %}

| You used to type... | Now you type...  | Or run tools directly...         |

> | ---------------------| ------------------| ----------------------------------|

Reviewer: Was this delimiter change intentional?

It adds a space after each opening pipe but not before the closing one, so the
delimiter row no longer lines up with the header and body rows. As far as I can
tell this is the only table in `docs/` shaped that way — 28 files use `| --- |`
and 7 use `|---|`.

It renders fine either way, so no real harm. Just wondering whether it's worth
reverting to keep the diff focused on the `jig convert` change?

Author: solved.
